# Version 1.2.14 - Mar 7, 2017
## New Features
    * Added experimental Android resolution using Gradle.
      This alternative resolver supports proguard stripping with Unity's
      internal build system.
    * Added Android support for single ABI builds when using AARs include
      native libraries.
    * Disabled Android resolution on changes to all .cs and .js files.
      File patterns that are monitored for auto-resolution can be added
      using PlayServicesResolver.AddAutoResolutionFilePatterns().
    * Added tracking of resolved AARs and JARs so they can be cleaned up
      if they're no longer referenced by a project.
    * Added persistence of AAR / JAR version replacement for each Unity
      session.
    * Added settings dialog to the iOS resolver.
    * Integrated Cocoapod tool installation in the iOS resolver.
    * Added option to run pod tool via the shell.
## Bug Fixes
    * Fixed build of some source Cocoapods (e.g Protobuf).
    * VersionHandler no longer prompts to delete obsolete manifests.
    * iOS resolver handles Cocoapod installation when using Ruby < 2.2.2.
    * Added workaround for package version selection when including
    Google Play Services on Android.
    * Fixed support for pods that reference static libraries.
    * Fixed support for resource-only pods.

# Version 1.2.12 - Feb 14, 2017
## Bug Fixes
    * Fixed re-explosion of AARs when the bundle ID is modified.

# Version 1.2.11 - Jan 30, 2017
## New Features
    * Added support for Android Studio builds.
    * Added support for native (C/C++) shared libraries in AARs.

# Version 1.2.10 - Jan 11, 2017
## Bug Fixes
    * Fixed SDK manager path retrieval.
    * Also, report stderr when it's not possible to run the "pod" tool.
    * Handle exceptions thrown by Unity.Cecil on asset rename
    * Fixed IOSResolver to handle PlayerSettings.iOS.targetOSVersionString

# Version 1.2.9 - Dec 7, 2016
## Bug Fixes
    * Improved error reporting when "pod repo update" fails.
    * Added detection of xml format xcode projects generated by old Cocoapods
      installations.

# Version 1.2.8 - Dec 6, 2016
## Bug Fixes
    * Increased speed of JarResolver resolution.
    * Fixed JarResolver caches getting out of sync with requested dependencies
      by removing the caches.
    * Fixed JarResolver explode cache always being rewritten even when no
      dependencies change.

# Version 1.2.7 - Dec 2, 2016
## Bug Fixes
    * Fixed VersionHandler build errors with Unity 5.5, due to the constantly
      changing BuildTarget enum.
    * Added support for Unity configured JDK Path rather than requiring
      JAVA_HOME to be set in the Jar Resolver.

# Version 1.2.6 - Nov 15, 2016
## Bug Fixes
    * Fixed IOSResolver errors when iOS support is not installed.
    * Added fallback to "pod" executable search which queries the Ruby Gems
      package manager for the binary install location.

# Version 1.2.5 - Nov 3, 2016
## Bug Fixes
    * Added crude support for source only Cocoapods to the IOSResolver.

# Version 1.2.4 - Oct 27, 2016
## Bug Fixes
    * Automated resolution of out of date pod repositories.

# Version 1.2.3 - Oct 25, 2016
## Bug Fixes
    * Fixed exception when reporting conflicting depedencies.

# Version 1.2.2 - Oct 17, 2016
## Bug Fixes
    * Fixed issue working with Unity 5.5
    * Fixed issue with PlayServicesResolver corrupting other iOS dependencies.
    * Updated build script to use Unity distributed tools for building.

# Version 1.2.1 - Jul 25, 2016
## Bug Fixes
   * Removed 1.2 Resolver and hardcoded whitelist of AARs to expand.
   * Improved error reporting when the "jar" executable can't be found.
   * Removed the need to set JAVA_HOME if "jar" is in the user's path.
   * Fixed spurious copying of partially matching AARs.
   * Changed resolver to only copy / expand when source AARs change.
   * Auto-resolution of dependencies is now performed when the Android
     build target is selected.
## New Features
   * Expand AARs that contain manifests with variable expansion like
     ${applicationId}.
   * Added optional logging in the JarResolverLib module.
   * Integration with the Android SDK manager for dependencies that
   declare required Android SDK packages.

# Version 1.2.0 - May 11 2016
## Bug Fixes
   * Handles resolving dependencies when the artifacts are split across 2 repos.
   * #4 Misdetecting version for versions like 1.2-alpha.  These are now string
       compared if alphanumeric
   * Removed resolver creation via reflection since it did not work all the time.
       Now a resolver needs to be loaded externally (which is existing behavior).
## New Features
    * Expose PlayServicesResolver properties to allow for script access.
    * Explodes firebase-common and firebase-measurement aar files to support
    ${applicationId} substitution.

# Version 1.1.1 - 25 Feb 2016
## Bug Fixes
    * #1 Spaces in project path not handled when exploding Aar file.
    * #2 Script compilation error: TypeLoadException.

# Version 1.1.0 - 5 Feb 2016
## New Features
  * Adds friendly alert when JAVA_HOME is not set on Windows platforms.
  * Adds flag for disabling background resolution.
  * Expands play-services-measurement and replaces ${applicationId} with the
            bundle Id.

 ## Bug Fixes
   * Fixes infinite loop of resolution triggered by resolution.
